Help again.
So the link it galloon that we talk about.
Unfortunately you can't create art linkit clone from the center the center server does not have this
option to clone machine.
Ours are linkit clone.
This option is only available when you.
We ate the virtual desktop ox's this Droon lets you to create our linkit.
And as you know the link it clone use it for appropriate service.
That's why this option is not available in our decentest ever.
So if we check the software that's created by our video a virtual desktop access.
When you try to clone a virtual machine you have the file clone and do link it cannot so alink clone
is a reference to the original virtual machine and require less disk space to store.
However it cannot run without access to the original virtual machine.
So this is why the visitor center would not let you to create a link it grown in your rent environment
because this is not safe in our real environment.
So another information that we have for the glory that's mean we clone a virtual machine.
But in a situation that we have some specific machine in a service use it in our that's mean we have
a database connected to do our shared brain and another machine connected to do shit it Queen etc..
We put them inside of we up with a specific order of power on our shadow.
No we can't clone all the virtual machine that's worked on inside our ark.
So if we click on the app we have the option Kalid clone.
Of course this option will be available only if all the virtual machine part of any virtual machine
parted on the Cloonan is not available because you will go into more than one virtual machine.
You'd be five maybe six maybe 10 virtual machine at the same time and that's need more time.
So the Wii and were decided to not divvy up the top about it on your machine.
So simply click on the Wii V-Amp we have option.
So we have Kenaan.
And here we have it on your Wii up or on an existing.
The app is the same when you try to create a new Wii up is ask you to create a new one or clone from
an existing one.
So automatically select cloning next.
Then ask you to chose to cluster.
So of course you can choose any X i.e. host Dreamhouse this.
The app that's me in the virtual machine will be cloning in a specific host or you simply chose the
cluster and we'll decide which one can host a virtual machine.
So next then you give it our name for example clone of the app see then we chose the data center next
so for example if you have a moderate center that you want to run the same application as I did you
simply clone this way up through the SIGINT that doesn't.
But in our tradition we have only one.
So it's not a problem.
Next they hear it.
All the data available in different E6 I host I'll do look at that.
Because no we chose the destination Haast is the cluster of us that are available.
So all the available hosts can support this.
And so added that our store is available if we chose for example.
Number two I will show only the datastore number two.
But no he showed them all together.
Of course he had to chose one or two or any land that you had or you simply leave that store cluster
chose do.
Right.
One day we have next had it show you some information about the Octa configuration of the resource of
the Wii up for example you want to change this Cronyn from normal to low for example.
Then make some reservation etc. called off our mission.
In the resource pool and the up would be for then next then head is it we click Finish and we'll clone
due to victory machine.
Of course this process will take a long time because Windows XP have an operating system and the other
machine also have our systems.
If we click on this it will show you the device on Windows XP on host it excites you in Morocco true
in XP for in host E6 I treat so he district which is not virtual machine is exciting and but treat create
a resource pool clone of the upsy in computer resource cluster in Morrocco so it will take a little
time to complete the process one to process it.
So it's a robot that will give you a quick or a view about another option into Qanuni
when we click on one and chose the Santer then the cluster then we have another option right there.
Those Kaulitz other than that if we click on it show you some options you chose some of an easier route
to do in your virtual machine.
So the new vision machine tool config file will be saved in the last number two and the new virtual
machine the hard disk also will be Sumeet in large numbers too.
But if you want for example to make some affinity for example if you have too hard a driver in this
virtual machine that we Cloonan for example have disk number one with ajuga bytes or disk number two.
We did eight or 10 gigabytes.
You can chose to save the disk in number one into London br1 and disk number two in LAN number two for
your tools browser.
Then you chose the cluster or the top Astar or click on this one to chose the line number one example.
It exists in the lump but number two so we change it to number one.
So like lot we put to the config file a lot number one.
And the hard disk in that line but all the hard disk numbers talk in London Buttrick and so on and so
on.
So this is just a quick idea to get information.
Of course if you want to change it from take that provision etc and of course help with those without
any configuration because this is a config file only Abdula a bit of the hard disk you can't chose.
Thick or thin probably.
So this is the quick overview about this operator.
Then you click next.
And of course you can customize the slide please box with the preview of course to get the detail about
them because you can't change the setting of the IP address name the license.
A lot lot of things you can add them by creating our coffee file that we convert it into Preview costs.
So this is the quick idea about it.
You see a clone of the app completes successfully for the virtual machine.
Windows XP number for the second one will be added.
And so on and so on.
So see the next section with another future of the VM with.